README.md, before:

Denver Marijuana Infographic
============================

## Overview  
A simple overview of Denver marijuana data.

## Installation, Usage  

1. Check if there are new libraries, using this syntax:

` bundle `

if you get an error, make sure you have bundler installed:
` gem install bundler `

2. Get Jekyll to watch your build

` jekyll build --watch `

3. Use git normally, stage changes, commit, pull request, etc.



## Submitting an Issue  
We use the GitHub issue tracker to track bugs and features. Before submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't already been submitted. When submitting a bug report, please include a [Gist][] that includes a stack trace and any details that may be necessary to reproduce the bug.

[gist]: https://gist.github.com/

## Submitting a Pull Request
1. [Fork the repository.][fork]  
2. [Create a topic branch.][branch]  
3. [Submit a pull request.][pr]  

[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

# License
See the [LICENSE][] for details.  
[license]: https://github.com/boonrs/denver-marijuana-data/blob/master/LICENSE

Commit message:

Adds instructions for using jekyll as a server

README.md, after:

Denver Marijuana Infographic
============================

## Overview
A simple overview of Denver marijuana data.

## Installation, Usage

1. Check if there are new libraries, using this syntax:

` bundle `

if you get an error, make sure you have bundler installed:
` gem install bundler `

2. Get Jekyll to watch your build

` jekyll build --watch ` (or serve the site with `jekyll serve` and copy the server address to a browser to view)

3. Use git normally, stage changes, commit, pull request, etc.



## Submitting an Issue
We use the GitHub issue tracker to track bugs and features. Before submitting a bug report or feature request, check to make sure it hasn't already been submitted. When submitting a bug report, please include a [Gist][] that includes a stack trace and any details that may be necessary to reproduce the bug.

[gist]: https://gist.github.com/

## Submitting a Pull Request
1. [Fork the repository.][fork]
2. [Create a topic branch.][branch]
3. [Submit a pull request.][pr]

[fork]: http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/
[branch]: http://learn.github.com/p/branching.html
[pr]: http://help.github.com/send-pull-requests/

# License
See the [LICENSE][] for details.
[license]: https://github.com/boonrs/denver-marijuana-data/blob/master/LICENSE
